New duration field for durations under 24h (#4873)
indico/indico: CHANGES.rst

  conferences now redirect to the meeting view page (:pr:`4847`)
- Use a more compact setup QR code for the mobile *Indico check-in* app; the latest version of
  the app is now required. (:pr:`4844`)

> - Duration fields in different forms throughout the application are now easier to use.
>   (:issue:`2462`, :pr:`4873`)

Reviewer: What do you think about this?

```suggestion
- Contribution duration fields now use a widget similar to the time picker that makes selecting
  durations easier. (:issue:`2462`, :pr:`4873`)
```
